[DX-352] Update upgrading-tyk docs (#2425)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/upgrading-tyk.md

```console
$ docker run \
  --name tyk_gateway \
  --network tyk \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v $(pwd)/tyk.standalone.conf:/opt/tyk-gateway/tyk.conf \
  -v $(pwd)/apps:/opt/tyk-gateway/apps \
  docker.tyk.io/tyk-gateway/tyk-gateway:v5.1
```
   For full details, check the usual [installation page]({{< ref "tyk-oss/ce-docker" >}} under *Docker standalone* tab.

#### Docker compose upgrade in simple environment

When upgrading a non-production environment, in which it's okay to have a brief downtime and you can simply restart your gateways, do the following:

1. Backup your gateway config file (`tyk.conf` or the name you chose for it)
2. Update the image version in the `docker-compose.yaml` file. 
   <br>
   For example, this [docker-compose.yaml](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-gateway-docker/blob/e44c765f4aca9aad2a80309c5249ff46b308e46e/docker-compose.yml#L4) has this line `image: docker.tyk.io/tyk-gateway/tyk-gateway:v4.3.3`. Change `4.3.3` to the version you want to use.
3. Restart the gateway (or stop and start it)
```console
docker compose restart 
```
### For Linux Users
```{.copyWrapper}
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lonelycode/tyk-hybrid-docker/master/start.sh

> chmod +x start.sh

Author: @OldStubbsy I removed the reference to start.sh, is that okay?

---

## Introduction

> Please read this through before upgrading any of Tyk components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read this through before upgrading any of your Tyk components.
```

> This page aims to provide guidance for upgrading Tyk products. When upgrading Tyk, you'd need to upgrade separately every component that you are using. To avoid confusion each product offering and within it each component will have a separate section discussing and detailing the relevant information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides guidance for upgrading your Tyk installation. When upgrading Tyk, you need to consider every component (e.g. Gateway, Pump, Dashboard) separately taking into consideration the style of deployment you've implemented. We have structured this guide by deployment type (e.g. Self-Managed, Multi-DC) to keep all the information you need in one place.
```

All our components share a few common standards:

> - We do not introduce breaking changes unless specifically stated in the release (and it rarely happens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We do not introduce breaking changes unless specifically stated in the release notes (and it rarely happens).
```

> - Upgrade does not overwrite your configuration files, however, it is a good practice to routinely back these files up (using a git or another tool), especially right before upgrading your software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade does not overwrite your configuration files, however, it is good practice to back these files up routinely (using git or another tool); we strongly recommend you take a backup before upgrading Tyk.
```

> - Upgradng essentially means pulling the new images from https://hub.docker.com/u/tykio, and linux packages from https://packagecloud.io/tyk/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrading essentially means pulling the new images from https://hub.docker.com/u/tykio, and linux packages from https://packagecloud.io/tyk/ 
```

> - You do not need to migrate or run migration scripts unless specifically stated in the release (and it rarely happens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You do not need to migrate or run migration scripts for your APIs, policies or other assets created in Tyk unless specifically stated in the release (and it rarely happens).
```

> - Check our [versioning and long-term-support policies]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/long-term-support-releases/" >}}) for more details on the way we release miajor, minor, new features, patches and the supported releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check our [versioning and long-term-support policies]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/long-term-support-releases/" >}}) for more details on the way we release major and minor features, patches and how long we support each release.
```

- If you experience any issues with the new version you pulled, please contact Tyk Support for assistance support@tyk.io

## Tyk OSS Gateway

### docker / Kubernetes

> To upgrade the gateway simple pull/use the image you want to use from [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-gateway/tags) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Gateway simply pull/use the image you want to use from [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-gateway/tags) 
```

All our components share a few common standards:
- We do not introduce breaking changes unless specifically stated in the release notes (and it rarely happens).
- Upgrade does not overwrite your configuration files, however, it is good practice to back these files up routinely (using git or another tool); we strongly recommend you take a backup before upgrading Tyk.
- Upgrading essentially means pulling the new images from https://hub.docker.com/u/tykio, and linux packages from https://packagecloud.io/tyk/ 
- Upgrade is trivial and similar to any other product upgrade done in Linux, Docker, Kubernetes or Helm.
- You do not need to migrate or run migration scripts for your APIs, policies or other assets created in Tyk unless specifically stated in the release (and it rarely happens).
- Check our [versioning and long-term-support policies]({{< ref "frequently-asked-questions/long-term-support-releases/" >}}) for more details on the way we release major and minor features, patches and how long we support each release.
- If you experience any issues with the new version you pulled, please contact Tyk Support for assistance at support@tyk.io

## Tyk OSS Gateway

### List of releases

> To get the list of image releases, for containerised deployments such as Docker and Kubernetes use [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-gateway/tags)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the list of image releases for containerised deployments such as Docker and Kubernetes, please visit [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-gateway/tags)
```

> To get the list of image releases for containerised deployments such as Docker and Kubernetes, please visit [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-gateway/tags)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the list of image releases for containerised deployments, such as Docker and Kubernetes, please visit [docker hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tykio/tyk-gateway/tags)
```

### Docker

> #### Simple environment or a Dev environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Development environment
```

> In a simple environment or a development environment, in which you can simple restart your gateways, do the follwing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a development environment, in which you can simply restart your gateways, do the following:
```

1. Backup your gateway config file

> 2. Update the image version in the docker dommand or script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Update the image version in the docker command or script
```

3. Restart the gateway. For example, update the follwing command to `v5.0` and run it as follows:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```bash
$ docker run \
  --name tyk_gateway \
  --network tyk \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v $(pwd)/tyk.standalone.conf:/opt/tyk-gateway/tyk.conf \
  -v $(pwd)/apps:/opt/tyk-gateway/apps \
  docker.tyk.io/tyk-gateway/tyk-gateway:v5.0
```
```

Author: @dcs3spp sorry , can't understand the suggestion

Tyk is compatible with a blue-green or rolling update strategy.

For a single-machine installation, you should follow the instructions below for your operating system.

> ### Ubuntu Upgrade

Author: @OldStubbsy Can you please help with a command for this section
